hello everybody i'm mr. fuji 60 and this
is the watchdog's live app for iOS and
Android
um this Apple is a release for the
watchdogs game it's a promotional
advertisement basically is a little game
for iOS and Android that allows you to
hack basically with your phone so I'm
gonna hack this bus off right here as
you can see this is a man sorry about
that it's a bit hard to do this again
you're currently driving so it's a bit
hard this game only works if your
thought about in driving or walking
there's not a lot of locations that have
geolocation areas these hack spots
basically so this is only available in
Canada and it's only available in the
major cities so if you're not living in
a major city good luck trying to find
the location I live in Toronto in around
my house there's not a lot of locations
but the main roads have locations for
example
this is a main road getting quite a bit
of locations on here and looking this is
a pretty busy road and Toronto but
anyways if I go back to menu go to my
profile we can see I'm ranked 124 in
Canada I'll have a hundred thousand
pretty high up there that messages you
get location reports these are all my
locations for the past week that I've
lost and got back basically you pack
each other's locations and you gain
money for the game if you still have
said that some things will transfer into
the game I'm not sure if money earning
as well as you can see right here but a
bit 45
there's the current locations I have for
day 141 locations I just came back from
next month one event in downtown Toronto
at the Air Canada Centre I have other
videos on my youtube channel so the take
a look at the Xbox one videos if you're
interested got to play killer instinct
in Forza Motorsport 5 it was pretty good
but this video is about this win prizes
every week and stuff so that's pretty
cool this week is EB Games gift card the
grand prize is going to Toronto launch
events for watchdogs which is pretty
cool worth 5,000 dollars or something
like that
you had this event here where for
example you can watch the video they get
money out of them all
this happened I think it meant fall we
are dead set a secret society of hackers
on July 6 2013 with your help sorry for
the shaky cam but this is a true event
app and obviously it's a marketing
scheme but this group gone wrong because
the people didn't know about this that
this was just free money surprised there
wasn't a riot
see all that came $5 bills people are
happy but yeah that's pretty cool let's
see what other things they did
other video that finished a few days ago
readings hackers read part the real car
over a local gas main
with your help we turning Erickson's
planets a teachable pile of rubble and
these are the results of our actions
before I got exploded to you
WB live hashtag the BB line these guys
if you guys like watchdog slip in Canada
have some free time download this app on
iOS and Android they're having some
problems with its iOS 7 but if you
download it comment below if you're a
higher level than me um yeah I'd like to
see some other people who are playing
this game other than just myself
oh yeah like this with a thumbs up
comment subscribe
um yeah have a great day